A couple fixes (#15)
canonical/cassandra-operator: README.md

> # Apache Cassandra Juju Operator

Reviewer: Todo: While technically correct, I think we need to be more precise with terminology at the very beginning.
What is the products full proper name? For example, for Kafka and Spark charmed operators, that is Charmed Apache Kafka and Charmed Apache Spark. I'd prefer us to use the same approach here, unless it was specifically decided otherwise.

```suggestion
# Charmed Apache Cassandra
```

Reviewer: Do you think we can and should add some build/test status badges at the beginning of the README file?
For example - https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle

Reviewer 2: Yep. Just added Tests badge. Relese is not ready yet.

This repository contains a charmed operator for deploying [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/_/cassandra-basics.html) on virtual machines via the [Juju orchestration engine](https://juju.is/).

> ## Overview

Reviewer: Suggestion: This Overview heading is rather redundant. Consider deleting it.

```suggestion
```

> This operator provides an [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/) database with support for both single-node and multi-node deployments. It automates the deployment and lifecycle management of Cassandra clusters, ensuring smooth operation from single-node setups to multi-node.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Let's avoid redundancy and improve wording a bit.

```suggestion
This operator provides an [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/) database and automates its deployment and lifecycle management, supporting both single-node and multi-node clusters for reliable operation.
```

Built as a Juju charm, the operator manages Cassandra on Ubuntu and provides out-of-the-box integrations that make it suitable for enterprise workloads:

* **Scalable deployments**: easily bootstrap single-node or multi-node Cassandra clusters.
* **Upgrades made safe**: charm refreshes and Cassandra software upgrades with minimal disruption.
* **Observability by default**: seamless integration with the Canonical Observability Stack (COS) for metrics, logs, and dashboards.
* **Secure communications**: built-in TLS support for encrypted traffic between nodes.
* **Authentication**: automatic generation of initial system credentials and secure password rotation with Juju secrets.

## Basic usage

> 

Reviewer: Todo: Avoid having adjacent headings with no content between them. Even when they are on different levels. We can either add some text or remove one of the headings entirely. I prefer removing redundant headings, rather than adding some mostly redundant text, but it's up to you.

### Deployment

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion: I think this might be a good occasion to place a warning that Cassandra charmed operator has no stable release and not published on Charmhub yet. Up to you.

```suggestion

Charmed Apache Cassandra is still actively developed and not yet published on Charmhub.io.
The best way to deploy it is to build a charm from source code in this repository.
```

Build a Cassandra charm:

```shell
charmcraft pack
```

> Bootstrap a [LXD controller](https://juju.is/docs/olm/lxd#heading--create-a-controller) and create a new Juju model:

Reviewer: Suggestion: This line feels like you will accomplish both of this actions with the following command. I think it will be much better if we separate prerequisites as a dedicated step and include there a list of requirements for the environment (mostly Juju installed and LXD controller bootstrapped).

```shell
juju add-model sample-model
```

To deploy a single unit of Cassandra:

```shell
juju deploy cassandra_ubuntu@24.04-amd64.charm cassandra
```

> The config option `--config profile=testing` can be used for testing purposes. This restricts a Cassandra node to minimum memory usage.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Let's make it a bit more imperative.

```suggestion
Use the `--config profile=testing` option to run a Cassandra node with minimal memory for testing purposes.
```

Apache Cassandra is typically deployed as a cluster to provide horizontal scalability and fault tolerance. In Juju, each Cassandra node is represented by a unit.

To start a Cassandra cluster with multiple nodes, set the desired number of units using the `-n` option:

```shell
juju deploy cassandra_ubuntu@24.04-amd64.charm cassandra -n <number_of_units>
```

The seed node will always be the leader unit in the cluster.

### Node management

#### Adding nodes

To add more nodes, use the `juju add-unit` command:

```shell
juju add-unit cassandra -n <number_of_units_to_add>
```

The implementation of `add-unit` allows adding multiple units at once, but unit initialization will occur one at a time.

#### Removing nodes

Node removal support is in progress.

### Connecting

Authentication is enabled by default.

> To retrieve the password for the default `operator` user:

Reviewer: Praise: Good instructions.

1. **Check the current password**:

```shell
juju show-secret --reveal cassandra-peers.cassandra.app | grep operator
# operator-password: a474ikLqA7KscI49zuH1O03bDTI42yJX
```

2. **Create a new Juju secret with the updated password**:

```shell
juju add-secret mypass operator=abcd123456
# secret:d2te3fe3rarc4b9fuj70
```

3. **Grant Cassandra access to the new secret**:

```shell
juju grant-secret mypass cassandra
```

4. **Update Cassandra to use the new secret**:

```shell
juju config cassandra system-users=secret:d2te3fe3rarc4b9fuj70
```

5. **Verify that the password has been rotated**:

```shell
juju show-secret --reveal cassandra-peers.cassandra.app | grep operator
# operator-password: abcd123456
```

> **Note**: Once rotated, all clients must use the new password to connect.

## Integrations (Relations)

Supported [integrations](https://juju.is/docs/olm/relations):

### `tls-certificates` interface

See the [encryption tutorial](docs/how-to/encryption.md) for detailed instructions on adding the `tls-certificates` relation and managing encryption.

### `metrics` interface

> See the [monitoring tutorial](docs/how-to/monitoring.md) for detailed instructions on adding the `metrics` relation and integrating with the `cos` charm.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Given the short content, I'd suggest dropping the headings. And I'd avoid using a colon before a heading.

```suggestion
Supported [integrations](https://juju.is/docs/olm/relations):

* `tls-certificates` interface -- See the [encryption tutorial](docs/how-to/encryption.md) for detailed instructions on adding the `tls-certificates` relation and managing encryption.
* `metrics` interface -- See the [monitoring tutorial](docs/how-to/monitoring.md) for detailed instructions on adding the `metrics` relation and integrating with the `cos` charm.
```

## Contributing

Please see the [Juju SDK docs](https://juju.is/docs/sdk) for guidelines on enhancements to this charm following best practice guidelines, and [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/canonical/cassandra-operator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for developer guidance.

Also, if you truly enjoy working on open-source projects like this one, check out the [career options](https://canonical.com/careers/all) we have at [Canonical](https://canonical.com/).

## License

> Charmed Apache Cassandra is free software, distributed under the Apache Software License, version 2.0. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/canonical/cassandra-operator/blob/main/LICENSE) for more information.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Consider adding a paragraph about Apache trademarks. https://www.apache.org/foundation/marks/
https://www.apache.org/foundation/marks/list/

```suggestion
Charmed Apache Cassandra is free software, distributed under the Apache Software License, version 2.0. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/canonical/cassandra-operator/blob/main/LICENSE) for more information.

Apache®, Apache Cassandra®, and the Apache Cassandra logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation in the United States and/or other countries.
```

This repository contains a charmed operator for deploying [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/_/cassandra-basics.html) on virtual machines via the [Juju orchestration engine](https://juju.is/).

This operator provides an [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/) database and automates its deployment and lifecycle management, supporting both single-node and multi-node clusters for reliable operation.

Built as a Juju charm, the operator manages Cassandra on Ubuntu and provides out-of-the-box integrations that make it suitable for enterprise workloads:

* **Scalable deployments**: easily bootstrap single-node or multi-node Cassandra clusters.
* **Upgrades made safe**: charm refreshes and Cassandra software upgrades with minimal disruption.
* **Observability by default**: seamless integration with the Canonical Observability Stack (COS) for metrics, logs, and dashboards.
* **Secure communications**: built-in TLS support for encrypted traffic between nodes.
* **Authentication**: automatic generation of initial system credentials and secure password rotation with Juju secrets.

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: Todo: We are missing the h2 level of headings. The h1 (title) -> then immediately h3. Please adjust the headings level here and below, but be aware of the nearby headings - to not jump through levels. Also, take into account the PR description - it's probably listing the intended set of h2 headings.

* A Juju controller is bootstrapped. 

To create a local controller with LXD:

```shell
juju bootstrap localhost
```

### Deployment

Charmed Apache Cassandra is still actively developed and not yet published on Charmhub.io.
The best way to deploy it is to build a charm from source code in this repository.
Build a Cassandra charm:

```shell
charmcraft pack
```

Create a new Juju model:

```shell
juju add-model sample-model
```

To deploy a single unit of Cassandra:

```shell
juju deploy cassandra_ubuntu@24.04-amd64.charm cassandra
```

Use the `--config profile=testing` option to run a Cassandra node with minimal memory for testing purposes.

Apache Cassandra is typically deployed as a cluster to provide horizontal scalability and fault tolerance. In Juju, each Cassandra node is represented by a unit.

To start a Cassandra cluster with multiple nodes, set the desired number of units using the `-n` option:

```shell
juju deploy cassandra_ubuntu@24.04-amd64.charm cassandra -n <number_of_units>
```

The seed node will always be the leader unit in the cluster.

### Node management

> #### Adding nodes

Reviewer: Todo: We still have some adjacent headings. Please fix this, as previously recommended: we can add some text between them, but I'd rather make an attempt to delete a redundant heading.
